# BOS
BOS runs within your web browser, you must have JavaScript and Adobe Flash Enabled. Google Chrome has experienced some bugs with flash. We recommend mozilla Firefox to browse the page.   BOS is ran by Boss Paws Corporation and is updated all of the time, just refresh your browser and presto!   BOS also runs on WiFi, however there are internet free solutions. BOS stores data in cookies, cookies are stored on your machine. The upside to this is nobody can hack your data without hacking your machine and decoding the cookies. We never store data in servers, except login data to show support.   BPN is a new social media network by BossPaws. Free mail and guestbooks. BOS has it’s own chatty assistant, it runs by text to speech. You text it through its info portal and it will chat with you. No more misunderstandings.   It has a chat mode, a search mode, and a tool mode. The tool mode will give you cards such as the time or the weather. Chat mode is when you are lonely, it talks to you. Boss uses keywords to identify your mood, and respond to it. Search mode is easy, you type something in, he searches. Tool mode is the most common mode.  BOS is a new type of system. Get it for free on the chrome App Store or go to our website and launch it. Did we mention that funny videos and books await you? Did we mention that it is like a home, you can decorate it, clean it, even change the room you are in! All using 3D tech and home building software. Play with Boss and go on an adventure as the OS has a story line.   Boss has many storylines. Just install an update or extension and the storyline changes. Buy comic strips and the storyline is yours! With a signed in membership, access special rooms and be the first to know about any new rooms. You can buy dogs and get to raise your own dog assistant.   Your own dog assistant, any breed you want, and you can make it’s personality.  Modify your home and your dog reacts! Text your assistant, Boss, Cortana, Siri, Alexi, Watson! Boss Paws offers full customizations for your computer.  The best part? With a social media layout and an option to sign in with Facebook or Google Plus, Boss knows your name and your nickname, along with the information in your account. The Computer in Home offers the assistant and another social media network.   That is all we have to tell you about Boss 6, and BOS 6: The Home.  Remember, Paws Ahead! BOS 6 and Boss AI 6, better than the rest. Thanks to all of the teachers, the family, and the friends that supported me to make my dream come true.
